In the last video, we installed the Google Cloud SDK on our local machine.
And remember, the entire reason we're doing this is to have it automatically manage these different
contexts, things that are going to teach CTL how to connect to different clusters.
So back at my command line, I should now be able to run G Cloud like so and see some help information
appear.
If you do not see any help information appear, that means there is something wrong with your installation
and you'll need to do a little bit of troubleshooting.
All right.
So now that we've got Google Cloud installed, we're going to first log in to the Cloud SDK.
So I'm going to type out G cloud off, log in.
A little window will appear in attempt to log me into my Google account.
You'll need to make sure that you log into the same exact Google account that you used when you first
signed up for the Google Cloud platform.
A moment to go.
So for me that is my account listed right here.
So go ahead and click on it after I click on that thing and allow.
I'll then get redirected over to some other page like this right here.
Once I see this page, I can now close it and then go back over to my terminal.
So I'm now logged in to the G Cloud SDK, and now we're going to run another command that's going to
initialize the Google Cloud SDK and tell it a little bit about our particular project that we're trying
to run.
I'm going to run G Cloud.
In it now I have already initialized g-cloud once previously in the past, so I'm going to see some
different output here than what you are probably going to see.
So when I run it, I see some stuff that says, Hey, you've already got some configuration and I can
either re initialize a configuration or create a new one.
You might see something that immediately tries to take you through the process of creating a configuration.
So if you see something that just says, okay, fantastic, let's create a new configuration, that's
great.
But for me, I'm going to go ahead and click re initialize this configuration.
Once I do so, I'll then be prompted to select which account I want to use for the configuration.
So I'm going to use the account that I just signed in with a moment to go.
Now we'll be given a list of all the different projects that exist inside your Google Cloud account.
I have a ton of different projects right now, so you'll see a huge list right here.
But for you personally, you'll probably see a much smaller list.
Unless you've already use this Google Cloud account in the past.
You might not immediately see your project listed in here.
That's because we have given our project a name of ticketing dash dev.
But behind the scenes, Google Cloud has assigned this thing a random identifier.
So to figure out exactly what your real project name is, you can click on that little project selector
up there.
Find your project in the list and then find the ID column on the right hand side.
So you will see that my actual project ID is Pacific Destiny, blah blah blah, not ticketing dash dev.
So I'm going to go back over to my project list right here, and I'm going to find specific destiny.
And again, for you, it's very likely going to be something very different.
So I will see.
My project ID is right there.
It's number 17.
So we are being prompted to enter in the number of our project.
So for me it's 17, so I'll enter in 17 like so.
After that, we are being asked to set a default region and zone.
We want to do this.
So we're going to enter in a yes or Y for yes.
And it will be given a big list of regions here.
We're going to find the region.
That we selected when we created our Kubernetes cluster just a moment ago.
So you might recall that I created my cluster in US Central one.
See, if you don't remember where you created yours, you can go back to the Kubernetes menu by clicking
the menu on the top left hand side, then going down to Kubernetes engine and clusters.
And we'll take you back to the screen.
You can then find location right there, and that is your region.
So you're going to find that location on this list and then find the corresponding number.
So for me, it was US Central one, see?
So my number is seven.
If you do not see your number listed on here, you'll notice that in the help options down here, there
are many more regions available.
And if you don't see yours listed, you'll enter in the word list and then hit enter and we'll show
you all the additional regions.
Okay.
So I'm going to enter in number seven in my case and hit enter.
And that is pretty much it.
So we have now set up Google Cloud and we've told it about our account.
We've logged in, we've told it about our project and we told it about the region that we are connecting
to.
Technically, its region and zone are two different things, but I'm going to use the terms a little
bit interchangeably here because it's just not super relevant for us.
Okay.
So we've now just configured Google Cloud SDK.
We have not begun to tell Google Cloud SDK to manage this context stuff.
We're going to take a quick pause right here.
And then in the next video, we will tell Google Cloud that we want it to handle all this context stuff
and tell it.
Tell you how to connect to our cluster.